feat(local-notifications): support Android 13+ permissions (#1189)
ionic-team/capacitor-plugins: local-notifications/README.md

```

## Android

> Android 13 requires a permission check in order to send notifications.  You are required to call `checkPermissions()` and `requestPermissions()` accordingly, when targeting SDK 33.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Android 13 requires a permission check in order to send notifications.  You are required to call `checkPermissions()` and `requestPermissions()` accordingly.

On Android 12 and older it won't show a prompt and just return as granted.
```

Added some spacing between the title and the text
Also removed the note about targeting SDK 33 as that's going to be mandatory.
And added a note about Android 12 and older not prompting since it's a common question why requesting the permission doesn't prompt.
